Bussniess Requrionment For Cake Order App
Author:Manish Samant
Stakeholders:
	  visitor,
	  existing customer,
	  Sales representative,
	  Sellers(Merchant)
	  Vendors ( cake shops)
	 BOD

Document generated with the help of  series of meetings  held 
between stake holders, Domain Experts, Business Analysts
First Draft : 21/06/2023
Revised Draft: 21/06/2023

Explain about cake Order app this app is only for ordering app.

1:Regestration Page: Resgestration Page is for new customer who want to order there cake through our app and while they doing regestration we can give all information of that user.

2.Login: Login is for already regestried user whose data is saved in our database so user cannot need to regestier every time.

3.CRM:In CRM all information related customer that is stored in that particular CRM like (adress,name etc.)

4.order by shops:order by shops is for when user want to order that cake from a particular shop who is near by that user.

5.Add to cart:Cart can help when user order multiple cake so user can see that cakes is add in thier cart or not so searching complexity of user decreased.

6.Search : (i) Search menu is for that when user want to see all shops near by them so user type their pincode and get all cake shops near them.
	   (ii) In search menu there is another options search by cake name so that cake is available on which shops user can easily get.

7.Memberships:Memberships is for that customers who is prime members of our app so we can give them offers.

8.Vendor Managemet:In vendor managemet information of all shops who are regestier on our app so we can show only those shops and cakes to user.

9.Order processing:Order Processing is for that when user order cake at that time user enter there adress which where they want to get delivery of that cake.

10.shipping: In shipping we can provide status/location of thier cake so user can track thier ordered cake location.

11.Payments: Paymet is for Accept the payment from user and then we confirm that user want that cake and in payment user also get offers when offer is available




